_pages/misc.md, before:

---
permalink: /misc/
title: "Miscellaneous"
author_profile: true
---

Welcome to my personal collection of recommendations and favorites — books, movies, series, blog posts and podcasts that have inspired, entertained, or influenced me.
I plan to expand this page as I have time.


## Books

- *Why We Sleep* by **Matthew Walker**   
- *Educated* by **Tara Westover**
- *Life 3.0* by **Max Tegmark**
- *To Kill a Mockingbird* by **Harper Lee** 
- *I, Robot* by **Isaac Asimov**
- *Foundation* by **Isaac Asimov**
- *The Brain, the story of you* by **David Eagleman**
- *Letting Go* by **David R. Hawkins**
- *Power vs Force* by **David R. Hawkins**
- *Sanma ki Yalnızsın* by **Elif Şafak**
- *Hunger* by **Knut Hamsun**
- *To Live* by **Yu Hua**
- *Damdan Düşen Psikolog* by **Doğan Cüceloğlu**
- *When Nietzsche Wept* by **Irvin D. Yalom**
- *The Midnight Library* by **Matt Haig**
- *Outliers* by **Malcolm Gladwell**
- *Ikigai* by **Francesc Miralles, Hector Garcia**


## Films

- **Cinema Paradiso**
- **The Harry Potter Saga** 
- **The Grand Budapest Hotel**
- **Peekay**
- **3 Idiots**
- **Parasite** 
- **Inception**
- **Django Unchained**
- **Inglourious Basterds**
- **Seven**
- **Fight Club**
- **Schindler's List**
- **Gone with the Wind**
- **The Suicide Squad**
- **The Twilight Saga**
- **Marvel Superhero Films**
- **Tolkien Film Series**
- **The Avatar Saga** 
- **The Matrix Saga**
- **Interstellar**
- All movies made by Hayao Miyazaki - _Totoro fav. character_


## TV Series

- **Alchemy of Souls** 
- **Twenty-Five Twenty-One**
- **Mr. Sunshine**
- **When Life Gives You Tangerines**
- **The Heirs**
- **Oh My Venus**
- **Crash Landing on You**
- **Squid Game**
- **The Walking Dead**
- **Fear the Walking Dead**
- **Stranger Things**
- **Fringe**
- **3 Body Problem**
- **The Umbrella Academy**
- **Locke & Key**


## Blog Pages & Newsletters

- [Dünya Halleri](https://bulten.mserdark.com/) – _Çok güzel_
- [Sam Altman's Blog Page](https://blog.samaltman.com/) 
- [Rest of World](https://restofworld.org/) 
- [Reads with Ravi](https://readswithravi.beehiiv.com/)


## Podcasts

- [Haddini Aşan Yaşam Rehberi](https://open.spotify.com/show/6FE15npKH09vHC7AIgHxH8) 
- [Nasıl Olunur](https://open.spotify.com/show/1q6zr0Va8JXmTrcfqRTcJO)

Commit message:

added some misc content
misc updated

_pages/misc.md, after:

---
permalink: /misc/
title: "Miscellaneous"
author_profile: true
---

Welcome to my personal collection of recommendations and favorites — books, movies, series, blog posts and podcasts that have inspired, entertained, or influenced me.
I plan to expand this page as I have time.


## Books
Note:  Including these books here does not mean that I endorse all of their content; however, they all provide me with diverse perspectives and opportunities for reflection.

- *Why We Sleep* by **Matthew Walker**   
- *Educated* by **Tara Westover**
- *Life 3.0* by **Max Tegmark**
- *To Kill a Mockingbird* by **Harper Lee** 
- *I, Robot* by **Isaac Asimov**
- *Foundation* by **Isaac Asimov**
- *The Brain, the story of you* by **David Eagleman**
- *Letting Go* by **David R. Hawkins**
- *Power vs Force* by **David R. Hawkins**
- *Sanma ki Yalnızsın* by **Elif Şafak**
- *Hunger* by **Knut Hamsun**
- *To Live* by **Yu Hua**
- *Damdan Düşen Psikolog* by **Doğan Cüceloğlu**
- *When Nietzsche Wept* by **Irvin D. Yalom**
- *The Midnight Library* by **Matt Haig**
- *Outliers* by **Malcolm Gladwell**
- *Ikigai* by **Francesc Miralles, Hector Garcia**


## Films

- **Cinema Paradiso**
- **The Harry Potter Saga** 
- **The Grand Budapest Hotel**
- **Peekay**
- **3 Idiots**
- **Parasite** 
- **Inception**
- **Whiplash**
- **Django Unchained**
- **Inglourious Basterds**
- **Seven**
- **Fight Club**
- **Schindler's List**
- **Gone with the Wind**
- **The Suicide Squad**
- **The Twilight Saga**
- **Marvel Superhero Films**
- **Tolkien Film Series**
- **The Avatar Saga** 
- **The Matrix Saga**
- **Interstellar**
- All movies made by Hayao Miyazaki - _Totoro fav. character_


## TV Series

- **Alchemy of Souls** 
- **Twenty-Five Twenty-One**
- **Mr. Sunshine**
- **When Life Gives You Tangerines**
- **The Heirs**
- **Oh My Venus**
- **Crash Landing on You**
- **Squid Game**
- **The Walking Dead**
- **Fear the Walking Dead**
- **Stranger Things**
- **Fringe**
- **3 Body Problem**
- **The Umbrella Academy**
- **Locke & Key**


## Blog Pages & Newsletters

- [Dünya Halleri](https://bulten.mserdark.com/) – _Çok güzel_
- [Sam Altman's Blog Page](https://blog.samaltman.com/) 
- [Rest of World](https://restofworld.org/) 
- [Reads with Ravi](https://readswithravi.beehiiv.com/)


## Podcasts

- [Haddini Aşan Yaşam Rehberi](https://open.spotify.com/show/6FE15npKH09vHC7AIgHxH8) 
- [Nasıl Olunur](https://open.spotify.com/show/1q6zr0Va8JXmTrcfqRTcJO)
