_pages/quotes.md, before:

---
permalink: /quotes/
title: "Some quotes I saved"
author_profile: true
---

> The only way to rectify our reasonings is to make them as tangible as those of the Mathematicians, so that we can find our error at a glance, and when there are disputes among persons, we can simply say: Let us calculate, without further ado, to see who is right. Gottfried wilhelm Leibniz

> He who receives an idea from me, receives instruction himself without lessening mine; as he who lights his taper at mine, receives light without darkening me. Thomas Jefferson

> When you're in love, you want to tell the world. Carl Sagan

> We must know. We will know. David Hilbert

> Don't compare your beginning to someone else's middle, or your middle to someone else's end. Jon Acuff

> It's the possibility of having a dream come true that makes life interesting. Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist

> If you are working on something that really excites you, you dont have to be pushed. The vision pulls you. Steve Jobs

> Reality is for people that lacks imagination. Hayao Miyazaki

> The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing. Socrates

> I learned this, at least, by my experiment: that if one advances confidently in the direction of his dreams, and endeavors to live the life which he has imagined, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours. Henry David Thoreau, Walden

> Compassion is the basis of morality. Arthur Schopenhauer

> We started with nothing. So whenever you start with nothing, you can always shoot for the moon. You have nothing to lose. Steve Jobs

> You never achieve what you want without falling on your face a few times. Steve Jobs 

> The most important thing in communication is to hear what is not being said. Carl Gustav Jung

> The scientist is not a person who gives the right answers, he's one who asks the right questions. Claude Lévi-Strauss

> The ultimate test of your knowledge is your capacity to convey it to another. Feynman

> The darker the night the brighter the stars. The deeper the grief the closer is God. Fyodor Dostoevsky

> If the path before you is clear, you’re probably on someone else’s. Carl Jung

> Be less curious about people and more curious about ideas. Marie Curie

> Slow success builds character, and fast success builds ego. Ratan Tata

> In academia, we don't say "I love you" we say "I am accepting your paper with no request for revisions. Prof. Lennart Nacke

> If you crush a cockroach, you're a hero. If you crush a beautiful butterfly, you're a villain. Morals have aesthetic criteria. Friedrich Nietzsche 

> Rudeness is merely the expression of fear. People fear they won't get what they want. The most dreadful and unattractive person only needs to be loved, and they will open up like a flower. M. Gustave / The Grand Budapest Hotel

> As you start to walk on the way, the way appears. Rumi

> Goals are for people who care about winning once. Systems are for people who care about winning repeatedly. James Clear

> Neyin doğru olduğunu anlıyoruz da, niçin doğru olduğunu anlamıyoruz. Neyin doğru olduğunu değil, niçin doğru olduğunu anlamaya çalışacaksın. Bunu anlamazsan eğer sen yüzeysel birisin demektir, fazla derine inemezsin. Ali Nesin

> Believe nothing you hear, and only one half that you see. Edgar Allen Pole

> OLD IRISH BLESSING
May the road rise up to meet you.
May the wind be always at your back.
May the sun shine warm upon your face;
The rains fall soft upon your fields and until we meet again,
May God hold you in the palm of His hand.

Commit message:

added some quotes
more quotes

_pages/quotes.md, after:

---
permalink: /quotes/
title: "Some quotes I saved"
author_profile: true
---

> The only way to rectify our reasonings is to make them as tangible as those of the Mathematicians, so that we can find our error at a glance, and when there are disputes among persons, we can simply say: Let us calculate, without further ado, to see who is right. Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz

> Sometimes, carrying on, just carrying on, is the superhuman achievement. Albert Camus

> Almost always, the people who say “I am going to keep going until this works, and no matter what the challenges are I’m going to figure them out”, and mean it, go on to succeed. They are persistent long enough to give themselves a chance for luck to go their way.  Sam Altman

> What I’m seeing is that people get so used to being short-changed out of real conversation, so used to getting by with less, that they’ve become almost willing to dispense with people altogether. We expect more from technology and less from each other. Sherry Turkle 

> He who receives an idea from me, receives instruction himself without lessening mine; as he who lights his taper at mine, receives light without darkening me. Thomas Jefferson

> When you're in love, you want to tell the world. Carl Sagan

> We must know. We will know. David Hilbert

> Don't compare your beginning to someone else's middle, or your middle to someone else's end. Jon Acuff

> It's the possibility of having a dream come true that makes life interesting. Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist

> If you are working on something that really excites you, you dont have to be pushed. The vision pulls you. Steve Jobs

> Reality is for people that lacks imagination. Hayao Miyazaki

> The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing. Socrates

> I learned this, at least, by my experiment: that if one advances confidently in the direction of his dreams, and endeavors to live the life which he has imagined, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours. Henry David Thoreau, Walden

> Compassion is the basis of morality. Arthur Schopenhauer

> We started with nothing. So whenever you start with nothing, you can always shoot for the moon. You have nothing to lose. Steve Jobs

> You never achieve what you want without falling on your face a few times. Steve Jobs 

> The most important thing in communication is to hear what is not being said. Carl Gustav Jung

> The scientist is not a person who gives the right answers, he's one who asks the right questions. Claude Lévi-Strauss

> The ultimate test of your knowledge is your capacity to convey it to another. Feynman

> The darker the night the brighter the stars. The deeper the grief the closer is God. Fyodor Dostoevsky

> If the path before you is clear, you’re probably on someone else’s. Carl Jung

> Be less curious about people and more curious about ideas. Marie Curie

> Slow success builds character, and fast success builds ego. Ratan Tata

> In academia, we don't say "I love you" we say "I am accepting your paper with no request for revisions. Prof. Lennart Nacke

> If you crush a cockroach, you're a hero. If you crush a beautiful butterfly, you're a villain. Morals have aesthetic criteria. Friedrich Nietzsche 

> Rudeness is merely the expression of fear. People fear they won't get what they want. The most dreadful and unattractive person only needs to be loved, and they will open up like a flower. M. Gustave / The Grand Budapest Hotel

> As you start to walk on the way, the way appears. Rumi

> Goals are for people who care about winning once. Systems are for people who care about winning repeatedly. James Clear

> Neyin doğru olduğunu anlıyoruz da, niçin doğru olduğunu anlamıyoruz. Neyin doğru olduğunu değil, niçin doğru olduğunu anlamaya çalışacaksın. Bunu anlamazsan eğer sen yüzeysel birisin demektir, fazla derine inemezsin. Ali Nesin

> Believe nothing you hear, and only one half that you see. Edgar Allen Pole

> OLD IRISH BLESSING
May the road rise up to meet you.
May the wind be always at your back.
May the sun shine warm upon your face;
The rains fall soft upon your fields and until we meet again,
May God hold you in the palm of His hand.
